Have you ever visited Bethel, which means House of God?
Touring one of our branch offices will give you a better understanding of how our work is organized.
The coordinators committee of the governing body has made a number of arrangements for your visit to be enjoyable and instructive.
Back in 2013, when the governing body announced that World Headquarters would be moving to war with New York,
we said the following.
Well, once this is finally finished, we're excited to welcome the brothers from around the world to come visit,
because we have some very nice surprises for you.
Not just a beautiful surrounding, but some real spiritual treasures that you're going to enjoy when you get there.
Now at World Headquarters in the United States, visitors can enjoy three museums at Warwick Bethel.
Since the museums opened in March 2017 and through 2018, more than half a million people have visited the museums.
On average, that's up to 1,200 people every day, Monday through Friday.
With such a large operation, what does it take to welcome all of our visitors to our ever-changing museums and to help them to benefit from their visit?
Let's find out.
The Museum Department coordinates the ongoing operation of the museums.
This involves tour scheduling, inviting and training tour attendants, welcoming and directing visitors from around the world, and maintaining the exhibits and audio devices.
All of this work is done not only by full-time members of the Bethel family, but also by temporary workers, commuters, and remote volunteers.
As you may know, the tours are self-guided and audio devices are provided for that purpose.
The devices recharge overnight, and depending on the language of the group, we program the language.
We have 13 different languages, including American Sign Language.
Once the audio devices are returned, we sanitize the audio devices and clean the lanyards.
I really enjoy working here at Warwick. I count it as a great privilege to be able to meet and serve my brothers and sisters.
But there's more behind the scenes, including a remote computer support team and a graphic art team.
Our user experience team will create visual concepts for the interactive experiences for the visitors, based on the content and the mood and the overall direction that we receive.
Once that concept is approved, our development team will take that and turn those concepts into actual interactive programs.
Design really begins when we get a theme for a new exhibit, then we get artifacts, and we really want to build around the artifacts.
What really drives the design is a balance of teaching and art.
As a designer, you would try to really enhance the teaching points that people can walk away with information, but then using art to help them to feel something emotionally.
Plenty of work also goes into artifact acquisition and conservation.
Brothers around the world continue to donate rare and valuable Bibles and unique historical artifacts, master craftsmen care for Bibles and rare artifacts.
But they also train others to do so as well.
Jehovah gave us a treasure through the Bible, in it we found these promises and he connected his name to it.
These old Bibles in the museum tell us the story how the Bible came to us and how his name is preserved in it.
There are so many artifacts and Bibles coming in that brothers and sisters need to be trained, so that the Bibles can be restored and maintained.
Restoring these Bibles makes it helpful for other branches that we can loan them for their benefit.
As noted at First Chronicles 28-21, Jehovah provided willing skilled workers to perform every kind of service when Solomon built the temple.
Jehovah also has provided willing and skilled volunteers to build and maintain the museums.
A comparable museum of similar size and quality would cost millions of dollars to build and operate yearly.
The use of commuters and remote workers whenever possible has reduced expenses to a fraction of what that project would have cost otherwise.
In addition to the three main museums, there are special exhibits.
These exhibits are then sent to branches as part of an arrangement for developing and sharing exhibits and rare Bibles between branches.
Months of planning go into each of these special exhibits.
The coordinators committee gave us direction on this display that was going to be about Russia, as well as a theme we will not give up.
The purpose was to tell the story of our brothers and sisters in Russia over the last 100 years and the outstanding example that they've given us, especially now in modern times with the increased opposition that they faced.
Research started back in April of 2017 and design started in earnest late that summer and the goal was to have the exhibit up and running in time for annual meeting and dedication of that October.
The exhibit was open for 10 months and August of 2018 we carefully documented it, dismantled it, created it and shipped it to Central Europe where it was going to be set up.
And in the meantime, research and design had started for the courage exhibit which was going to replace it and be open for that annual meeting.
World Headquarters provides direction to branches worldwide as they develop their exhibits.
For example, content for exhibits that branches is reviewed by the Museum Department and Waller prior to final approval.
When a branch wants an exhibit, the branch writes the coordinators committee and if the coordinators committee agrees that an exhibit should be developed, then we work with the publishing committee to get approval to use the space as well as a budget for the project.
We're finding that there are basically just four types of exhibits that we use that is a Bible exhibit, a Theocratic history exhibit, an exhibit that talks about Bethel operations and sometimes special theme or rotating exhibits.
Each application of those four types is customized to reflect the local branch flavor.
The room here in shelters has a floor plan that is different from the one in Warwick.
Therefore, the exhibition had to be fitted accordingly.
We had to build new walls and had to arrange the exhibits in a different way.
Thanks to the help and the experience of our brothers from the Museum Department, the original style of the exhibition could be maintained.
We were happy to see the enthusiasm with which the project was supported and at the end of two weeks, everything was set up.
Although the exhibition is not very large, it makes a deep impression on the visitors and they feel even more connected to the brothers in Russia.
By the end of 2018, over 35 branches had received assistance with the planning of their new exhibits.
These branches received more than 500,000 visitors annually.
What's being done to enhance the exhibits in the branches?
Because artifacts are the central feature of these displays, we work together with Ward Headquarters Computer Department to develop a global, searchable catalog.
Branches can use this global catalog to see information about the artifacts such as photographs, detailed descriptions, availability information, as well as what location the artifact may be in, so that they can loan those artifacts and complete their exhibits.
To help conserve and preserve the artifacts, we help Branches set the appropriate lighting levels for their exhibits.
We also assist with displays, projections, and in some cases interactive touch screens and directional audio to really create an immersive experience for the visitors.
The artifacts within our collection are donated by brothers and sisters, congregations, assembly halls, Bethel family members, and even on occasion non-witnesses from all over the world.
They can choose to donate them as an outright gift to us or as a loan for a special exhibit.
Unfortunately, not all items are accepted into the World Museums.
When an offer is provided to us, we look at the rarity, the significance, the language of the item.
We also look at the impression that it will bring upon a visitor.
This will allow us to see if it can be included in the World Museum or into other branch museums that are taking place.
Do you have an item of historical significance that you'd like to make available?
Feel free to write to the Museum Department at Warwick.
The item might just find a home in one of our museums around the world.
The governing body warmly invites you to visit your local branch office, and if your circumstances allow, the World Headquarters in the United States.
We trust that your visit will be instructive, and we'll strengthen your faith that Jehovah is guiding and directing his people during these last days.